[-] Technical - Add a new line at the end of the generated `package.json` file when releasing a new version (#8)
ForestAdmin/devops: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
- Readme - Rewrite it according to the new functions exposed.

> - Release Creation - Add a new line at the end of `package.json` to avoid yarn conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Technical - Add a new line at the end of the generated `package.json` file when releasing a new version.
```
Considered to be put in the `### Changed` part?
